thank you for joining us Israel's Army
is continuing its offensive in Central
and Southern Gaza despite claims its
shifting to a lower intensity phase of
the war Israeli air strikes have
targeted residential neighborhoods in
Rafa and can Unis in the South leaving
Palestinians searching for survivors
under the rubble more than 23,000 people
have been killed since October the 7th
now casualties are also mounting for the
Israeli military as Hamas Fighters
confront troops across moner strip the
Israeli military says four more soldiers
have been killed in the Battlefront
while Hamas says nine were killed that
brings the number of soldiers killed
since the ground Invasion began 10 weeks
ago to more than
180 let's get the latest from our
correspondent in Gaza Han Mahmud who
joins us live from Rafa in southern Gaza
honey so Israeli claims that it's began
a new less intense phase of its war on
the ground but that's not what we're
seeing what's the latest
yes F everybody was expecting a
deescalation in the uh the air strikes
campaign and the artillery Shilling but
on the contrary what we're seeing is a
more of a surge on Relentless air strike
in the central area and the on the
southern part of the G STP we mainly
talking about ra City where more than
1.5 million displaced Palestinians are
now staying and Sheltering and building
tents across ra City just running from
the horror of the war going on in in the
northern part and the central part of
the Gaza Strip but we're seeing an
increasingly uh a large scale of
intensity and magnitude of the air
strikes and within just the past uh
24hour large number of people have been
killed either in their cars or their
residential homes or they were simply
passing by the targeted areas overnight
Heavy Artillery Shing at the Eastern uh
side of Rafa city that is been going on
for the past three weeks and very
consistent with the is really plan of
creating a buffer zone that which
requires the the raising of much of the
uh area of Agriculture and farmland in
the eastern part and uh the uh many
residential uh Homes at the eastern part
of Rafa City uh they're very consistent
with The Narrative of EST lishing this
buffer zone along the borders from Bon
all the way to ra City close to the Gaza
Egyptian bordered and over an early
hours of this morning particularly at
dawn time an air strike targeted a
residential homes so far what we are uh
confirmed about the reports we're
getting only injuries from that
residential homes no reports about
people got killed in that residential uh
homes which is really strange and
unusual for massive air strike to only
leave injuries inside residential home
but most of the killing uh the mass
killing is taking place right now in the
central part the refugee camps and kanun
City yeah so intense bombing of Central
and Southern Gaza honey and I understand
you were supposed to be reporting from a
field Hospital in Rafa today but it's
becoming more difficult for people to
move around and even medical staff
in some of the hospitals are having to
pull
out yes this is exactly what happened
it's becoming increasingly difficult to
move around the Rafa City uh simply
because it's becoming increasingly risky
and dangerous and just the fact within
less than 24 hours uh yesterday uh two
cars were hit one that was uh our
colleague Hamza and his his other
journalist colleagues journalists were
in the car were targeted and another car
was targeted just on the main road
leading to the Kuwaiti hospital just 700
meters away from here there is a a
growing concern that this is part of the
uh the third phase of the war which is
the target killing of of people as they
are moving on the roads or uh in their
in their residential home so there is a
risk involved in in in part of what
what's going on and what's been done in
in terms of going into Field Works we're
trying to minimize that and assess the
security in terms of the situation in
terms of safety uh for us to continue uh
working and and deliver a a quality work
in in in and doing our job but the thing
is it's also overcrowded ra is becoming
overcrowded Beyond imagination there are
so many people are now sleeping in the
street it's hard for people to walk hard
for people to drive their cars as well
while roads are packed with people yeah
very difficult to work in these
conditions and and we appreciate your
reporting honey thank you very much
honey Mahmud live for us there in Rafa
in southern Gaza